At last in her grief she wandered out of doors, and the
youngest kid with her; and when they came into the meadow, there they
saw the wolf lying under a tree, and snoring so that the branches shook.
The mother goat looked at him carefully on all sides and she noticed how
something inside his body was moving and struggling.

"Dear me!" thought she, "can it be that my poor children that he
devoured for his evening meal are still alive?" And she sent the little
kid back to the house for a pair of shears, and needle, and thread. Then
she cut the wolf's body open, and no sooner had she made one snip than
out came the head of one of the kids, and then another snip, and then
one after the other the six little kids all jumped out alive and well,
for in his greediness the rogue had swallowed them down whole. 

THERE was a poor but good little girl who lived alone with her mother,
and they no longer had anything to eat. So the child went into the
forest, and there an aged woman met her who was aware of her sorrow,
and presented her with a little pot, which when she said, "Cook, little
pot, cook," would cook good, sweet porridge, and when she said, "Stop,
little pot," it ceased to cook. The girl took the pot home to her mother,
and now they were freed from their poverty and hunger, and ate sweet
porridge as often as they chose. Once on a time when the girl had gone
out, her mother said, "Cook, little pot, cook." And it did cook and she
ate till she was satisfied, and then she wanted the pot to stop cooking,
but did not know the word. So it went on cooking and the porridge rose
over the edge, and still it cooked on until the kitchen and whole house
were full, and then the next house, and then the whole street, just as
if it wanted to satisfy the hunger of the whole world, and there was
the greatest distress, but no one knew how to stop it. At last when
only one single house remained, the child came home and just said,
"Stop, little pot," and it stopped and gave up cooking, and whosoever
wished to return to the town had to eat his way back.
●